README.md, before:

# Carblog 
=====
## Description 
------
This is the fourth project for the Code Institute Diploma in Software Development.

CarBlog is a webiste built in Django using Python, JavaScript, CSS/Bootstrap and HTML. 
It enables users to create and share blog posts with people around the world. It is targeted towards people who like cars and want to have a read about them, and share their thoughts. Users have the ability to create posts, categorys and their own profile. They can link their personal accounts in their profile. The profile is also editable.  They also can like posts and leave a comment. If wanted the user can contact Carblog via email.

The site provides user authentication and a Full CRUD functionality.
----
# Project Goals
---- 
## User Goals 
* To be able to create blog posts. 
* To be able to Comment and like on posts. 
* To be able to have a profile page. 
* To be able to have CRUD functionality whilst being logged in. 

## Site Owner Goals
* To provide a platform where users can add posts and share their thoughts.
* To provide a enjoyable user experince where users want to come back and read, update and create posts. 
* To have a contact form where users can give feedback. 

# User Experience
---- 
* Carblog is inteded to be a friendly community site where users can create and share their own thoughts on cars with others. Users will also be able to see other peoples posts and interact with them via comments or likes.

Commit message:

added a description to agile section

README.md, after:

# Carblog 

## Description 

This is the fourth project for the Code Institute Diploma in Software Development.

CarBlog is a webiste built in Django using Python, JavaScript, CSS/Bootstrap and HTML. 
It enables users to create and share blog posts with people around the world. It is targeted towards people who like cars and want to have a read about them, and share their thoughts. Users have the ability to create posts, categorys and their own profile. They can link their personal accounts in their profile. The profile is also editable.  They also can like posts and leave a comment. If wanted the user can contact Carblog via email.
The site provides user authentication and a Full CRUD functionality.

# Project Goals

## User Goals 
* To be able to create blog posts. 
* To be able to Comment and like on posts. 
* To be able to have a profile page. 
* To be able to have CRUD functionality whilst being logged in. 

## Site Owner Goals
* To provide a platform where users can add posts and share their thoughts.
* To provide a enjoyable user experince where users want to come back and read, update and create posts. 
* To have a contact form where users can give feedback. 

# User Experience

* Carblog is inteded to be a friendly community site where users can create and share their own thoughts on cars with others. Users will also be able to see other peoples posts and interact with them via comments or likes. 

# Agile development 
An Agile approach to creating this app has been applied. GitHub's projects was used to track user stories and implement ideas based on their level of importance for allowing use of the app with no loss of functionality or user experience. 

By using AGILE methodology in this project I was able to deliver a site which had all required functionality and some more. Due to time limit on this project I was not able to incorporate all initial listed features, but this is where an AGILE approach is great. The project displays this by having User stories in the Done section and the ones which decided to be left for future put in the future implementation.
